git_workflow.md, before:

---
title: Contributing Content
---

1. Navigate to the directory for the current year.
2. Add papers to the contents/readings directory.
3. Edit <year>.md for your date.
    - Write your name(s) in the "Students:" line.
    - List the papers in the "Readings:" line.
        - Include a link to the paper, _i.e._, `Readings: [citation in author/year format](URL to paper on GitHub)`
			- NOTE: the URL to a directory or a file is slightly different from its location in the repository.
			- For directories: if the location of the directory is `content/years/2017/bibliographies`, the corresponding URL is: `github.com/mikeryanmay/IB290/tree/master/content/years/2017/bibliographies`. The `github.com/mikeryanmay/IB290/blob/master` is important!
			- For files: this is much the same as for directories, but you need to add `github.com/mikeryanmay/blob/master` before the path to the filename.
4. Push your changes to the remote repository.
    - `cd <your repository directory>`
    - `git add .` to stage your edits.
    - `git commit -m "including our papers"` to commit your edits to your local repository./
    - `git pull` to synchronize your local repository with the remote.
    - `git push` to synchronize the remote repository with your local repository.
5. Repeat the above steps to include your annotated bibliography and slides when they are complete.

Commit message:

updating 2024 directory structure, contribution instructions, etc

git_workflow.md, after:

---
title: Contributing Content
---

First, clone the repo to your local computer so that you have a local version. If you are using a PC (rather than a Mac), you'll need to install git (avoid "git bash")--I suggest you install the windows subsystem for linux (WSL), which comes with git. See [these instructions](https://www.git-tower.com/blog/git-wsl/). (As a bonus, WSL will also let you run RevBayes...)

1. Navigate to the directory for the current year (there will be a "years" directory, and inside there you'll find a directory for each year this course has been offered).
2. Add papers to the readings directory, the annotated bibliography to the annotatedBibliographies directory, and your introductory presentation to the presentations directory.
3. Edit <year>.md for your date.
    - Write your name(s) in the "[This could be you]" line (keep the square brackets)
    - List the papers in the "Readings:" line.
        - Include a link to the paper, _i.e._, `Readings: [citation in author/year format](URL to paper on GitHub)`
			- NOTE: the URL to a file is slightly different from its location in the repository. If the location of the file is `years/2024/readings/fileName`, the corresponding URL is: `github.com/crothfels/PhyloSeminar/blob/master/years/2024/readings/fileName`. The `github.com/crothfels/PhyloSeminar/blob/master` is important!
4. Push your changes to the remote repository.
    - `cd <your repository directory>`
    - `git add .` to stage your edits.
    - `git commit -m "including our papers"` to commit your edits to your local repository./
    - `git pull` to synchronize your local repository with the remote.
    - `git push` to synchronize the remote repository with your local repository.
